# Fake-News-Detection
# Objective
The objective of this project is to examine the problems and possible significances related with the spread of fake news. We will be working on different fake news data set in which we will apply different machine learning algorithms to train the data and test it to find which news is the real news or which one is the fake news. As the fake news is a problem that is heavily affecting society and our perception of not only the media but also facts and opinions themselves. By using the artificial intelligence and the machine learning, the problem can be solved as we will be able to mine the patterns from the data to maximize well defined objectives. So, our focus is to find which machine learning algorithm is best suitable for what kind of text dataset. Also, which dataset is better for finding the accuracies as the accuracies directly depends on the type of data and the amount of data. The more the data, more are your chances of getting correct accuracy as you can test and train more data to find out your results.

# Algorithms
1.	TFidf Vectorizer: Term frequency Inverse document frequency (TFIDF) is a statistical formula to convert text documents into vectors based on the relevancy of the word. It is based on the bag of the words model to create a matrix containing the information about less relevant and most relevant words in the document
2.	MultinomialNB Algorithm: The Multinomial Naive Bayes is one of the variants of the Naive Bayes algorithm in machine learning. It is very useful to use on a dataset that is distributed multinomially. This algorithm is especially preferred in classification tasks based on natural language processing. Spam detection is one of the applications where this algorithm can be used. If you have never used this algorithm for the machine learning problems based on classification before, this article is for you. In this article, I will take you through an introduction to the Multinomial Naive Bayes algorithm in machine learning and its implementation using Python.
3.	Logistic Regression: Logistic regression is a supervised machine learning algorithm mainly used for classification tasks where the goal is to predict the probability that an instance of belonging to a given class or not. It is a kind of statistical algorithm, which analyse the relationship between a set of independent variables and the dependent binary variables. It is a powerful tool for decision-making. For example email spam or not.
4.	Decision Tree: Decision trees are commonly used in operations research, specifically in decision analysis, to help identify a strategy most likely to reach a goal, but are also a popular tool in machine learning.
5.	Passive Aggressive Classifier: Passive Aggressive (PA) classifiers are a type of online learning algorithm that can be used for classification tasks. They are based on the idea of being “passive” when the current model correctly classifies a training example, but “aggressive” when it makes a mistake.
